Astroblox Unity Take Home

RPG Battle System!

Task

Develop a simple RPG battle system with a minimal UI interface
This is an auto-battle system, so the battle runs without player control
When we hit play in Unity the battle starts
Battle runs until the players or enemies win (see Q4)
The final output should be a runnable experience 🙂
Spend 2 hours on this at minimum, and up to 4 if you want!

Deliverables
Please upload your code to a Git repo and share with kent@astroblox.ai
Please record your development process, design choices and time spent on each section in the README of your repo

Q1
Battle agents
Create a data model and class structure for agents
There will be a configurable number of players in a party
They will fight a configurable number of enemies
All agents have shared stats: HP (health), attack, defense, speed (higher speed means less time to take an action)

Q2
Turn-based action system
Time ticks throughout the battle
Characters queue up actions to be executed based on their speed, in real time
In this section we should create the overarching framework for this system, without worrying about the specifics of the actions
Available actions should be configured per agent (see types below)

Q3
Action types and effects
Damage: takes a target and a damage value based on attack. Needs to consider target defense. Players damage enemies and vice versa.
Damage over time: deals a fixed amount of damage per time interval. Runs out after a certain amount of time
Heal: takes a target and a heal value. Players heal each other and same with enemies
Heal over time: heals a fixed amount per time interval. Runs out after a certain amount of time
Buff: increases attack, defense or speed. Timed and will expire after a certain amount of time.
Debuff: decreases attack, defense or speed. Timed and will expire after a certain amount of time.

Q4
Putting it together
The battle should end when all the enemies are at 0HP or all the players are at 0HP
Create a very simple UI for visualizing health and buff/debuffs along with their timers